{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\f0\fs32 General\b0\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab BlockPad is a private encrypted personal ledger, notepad, password manager, secure browser to access exchanges, one time pad, and more. BlockPad is the Notepad for Crypto Traders, Blockchain Developers, Coders, Intelligence Operatives, Crypto Investors, et. al. With security in mind, BlockPad can help you stay organized by keeping track of coin transactions, passwords, account credentials, and more. With BlockPad's secure account tab, you can save all your passwords in one encrypted place. Unlike other password applications, BlockPad is encrypted with AES and protected by 2FA which you can setup as complex as you'd like. There is even a timer that will lock the application after x minutes in case your curious roommate or office worker is snooping around your desk. \par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs32 Application structure\b0\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab In the upper right corner we see the current time on the computer. There are four buttons on the top panel: BlockPad, Coin Records, Accounts and Web Browser which open the same tabs. In the center are for the tab BlockPad - notepad, for Coin Records and Accounts - tables with data, for Web Browser - web browser. Below is the panel with API prices of TC100 and TCw100 indexes, and prices of top 10 cryptos. At the bottom is the tool bar: on the left there are buttons with additional features and main settings, on the right are the tab control buttons. At the very bottom - we see ads.\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs32 Features\b0\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Security\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab All data of application is stored in file *.bloc, which is encrypted with AES256, also we are using 2FA - and to get access to your *.bloc file hacker must have access to your email. And also we lock program after some time of user inactivity (you can change time in Settings).\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Notepad\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab In tab "BlockPad" we have code highlighting notepad (now we are highlighting only Solidity code).You can disable highlighting in "Settings". To every line we show in left columns number of line and time creation of line. You can create new documents in right column or use button in tool bar in bottom of window. Also using context menu in right column you can remove or rename documents. All new documents are "virtual", stored after creation in RAM and will be saving into *.bloc file only after you click "Save" button (in toolbar below). Also program will be asking you save changes when you will closing it. When you will close program, all program documents (as well as other application date) will be stored in *.bloc file.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Coin Records\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab In tab "Coin Records" we can input next data of coin transaction: "block address" - block address of transaction, "from" - man or organization who was sending cryptocurrency, "to" - man or organization who was receiving cryptocurrency, "notes" - any info that is important for this deal. After you were inputting data in cell and click Tab or Enter you will automatically go to next cell. If you were inputting data in last cell ("Notes") you will finish line. Also you can finish line click button "Complete Row" (at the bottom of the program). After we will finish row -this row will be second and all cells of this row will be locked. To unlock row you can highlight this row and click "Ctrl+Y" (in mac version "Cmd+Y"). To lock again after changing row you must click button "Complete Row". Also you can remove row. To do it - highlight row and click button "Remove Row" in tool bar.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Accounts\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab Tab "Accounts" you can use as password manager. You can store this: web site and credentials to it: user and password. Name of web site is clickable - web site will be open in Web Browser tab. Editing table is the same as in Coin Records. After you were inputting data in cell and click Tab or Enter you will automatically go to next cell. If you were inputting data in last cell ("Password") you will finish line. Also you can finish line click button "Complete Row" (at the bottom of the program). After we will finish row -this row will be second and all cells of this row will be locked. To unlock row you can highlight this row and click "Ctrl+Y" (in mac version "Cmd+Y"). To lock again after changing row you must click button "Complete Row". Also you can remove row. To do it - highlight row and click button "Remove Row" in tool bar.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Web Browser\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab Web Browser is Chromium based browser. It is different from other browsers more security. All cache of browser (include credentials of web sites) is stored in *.block file, which is AES encrypted. Also you can disable saving of cache in Settings.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Password generator\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\tab It is separate widget that will be open after we are clicking button "Generate Password" in tool bar. Here we can customize password parameters: password length, used symbols (numbers, lowercase characters, uppercase characters and etc...). After you will customize parameters you can click Generate Password and get new password in "Your new password" field.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Single File Encryption System\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab It is separate widget that will be open after we are clicking button "Single File Encryption System" in tool bar. Here we can encrypt/decrypt any files using other files-keys. Size of file-key must be equal to or greater than size of file, which we are encrypting. Encryption method is One-time pad, where file-key acts as one-time pads. Content of file-key will not change and you can use it in further. But remember: to decrypt file you will be needing in file-key, so please store it and don\rquote t change it.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b One-Time pad generator\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab It is separate widget that will be open after we are clicking button "One-Time pad generator" in tool bar. Here we can generate random one-time pad. We can customize these parameters: number of keys, split to remember the key into symbol groups, key length, type of  key text (numeric, alphabetic, gibberish), time of seed: from clock or user-defined (in this case you can reproduce keys), case of letters (Lower, Upper, Mixed), Md5 signatures and etc. After you will customize parameters you can click Generate button and get new list of one-time pads. Also you can clear list (button "Clear"), print list (button "Print"), get detailed help (button "Help")\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Secret Message Text Scrambler\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab It is separate widget that will be open after we are clicking button "Secret Message Text Scrambler" in tool bar. Here we can encrypt message with 2 methods: One-Time pad and Stream cypher. We do this in 2 steps: 1) we are transforming little One-Time Pad key that you are inputting in input field to pseudo-random large One-Time Pad key 2) we encrypt message using new large One-Time Pad key. To create One-Time Pad key you can use "One-Time Pad Generator" widget.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Update BlockPad\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab In default BlockPad automatically check new version of BlockPad and suggest to user update BlockPad in startup. You can decline updating in startup in Settings. Also you can manually init Update BlockPad by clicking "Update BlockPad" button.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Print all data\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab You can print all data (from tabs: "BlockPad", "Coin Records", "Accounts"). To print it you must click "Print all data" button.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Premium version\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab BlockPad is freeware with a paid option; BlockPad Premium is $1.99/month and offers more features, no ads, encrypted cloud backup of your .bloc file, premium skins, and an online recovery system. To get BlockPad Premium you must do 2 steps: 1) click "Get Premium BlockPad" button in toolbar - there you will receive license key 2) click "License Activation" button in toolbar - there you will input license key and unique device name and click button "Activate". If you have not mistake in license key and do not exceed number of installations you will get BlockPad Premium version. Number of installations: you can activate 1 license key maximum in 3 devices and maximum in 3 files in 1 device.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Backup files\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab In premium version your files will be backed up in cloud.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b Settings\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\tab It is separate widget that will be open after we are clicking button "Settings" in tool bar. Here we can customize next settings: font family, font size, enable/disable passwords hidden, 2FA, check for updates at startup, text highlighting, saving cache and others.\par
\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 